then in Paris I went to a couple of
museums museums museums column what you
will Louis it makes no difference to me
uh and Paris has some really great
museums and I went to the Louvre and
that is where the famous Mona Lisa is
okay and I was really looking forward to
seeing the Mona Lisa I don't understand
what goes on at the Mona Lisa if we have
art connoisseurs or artists or anybody
who understands why when I'm about
described to you took place please tell
me you approach the Mona Lisa okay long
hallway you're going by all of these
priceless old pieces of art as it is but
people are just ignoring them they have
tunnel vision they're just following
signs to the Mona Lisa you get to the
Mona Lisa room and it's a huge crowd
there's a couple security guards in
there near near the painting there's
kind of a metal barrier that stops maybe
four feet from the Mona Lisa the Mona
Lisa is noticeably smaller than a lot of
people assume it's behind several pieces
of glass which I'm told is because they
used to have a no photograph policy and
everybody took photographs so they said
okay we can't control people taking
pictures we're going to just put the
Mona Lisa behind what I can only assume
is a specific type of glass that
prevents or mitigates the damage that
flash photography can do it chaos in the
room while almost knocking my mic over
the story was so incredible it's
completely chaotic in the room people
are screaming people are pushing people
are taking pictures it's it's a massive
people and I just kind of stand there
and I start slowly working my way to the
front because I just want to observe the
Mona Lisa and people are going nuts
people are snapping 50 terrible pictures
of the Mona Lisa you see that the flash
is creating a huge reflection on the
glass you're not going to see anything
but people need pictures of a painting I
don't get it what do you do with those
pictures you take 50 terrible pictures
of a painting that you can easily find
high resolution images of online do you
ever look at those pictures the pictures
I could see I was looking at people's
viewfinders the heads the tops of
people's heads are blocking the Mona
Lisa in the pictures what do you do with
these pictures of the Mona Lisa once you
get home what is the point of this I
think it's just the point was to show
with other people and say look I was
here I took this picture uh that's the
only thing I can think of people are
pushing at one point a woman started she
literally put it was like in basketball
when you drop your shoulder as you're
driving to the basket she was dropping
her shoulder and just trying to power
through people with three cameras she
had two cameras hanging from her head
she had her cellphone camera out and I
stood my ground standing your ground is
not shooting an unarmed black teenager
in Florida that's not standing your
ground stand your ground is what I did
standing in front of the moment Mona
Lisa which is simply stand and not allow
this woman to knock me down in order to
take her 50 terrible pictures of a
painting on three different cameras I
just didn't get it and when you went to
uh to to other places uh it was not
nearly as crazy they have the Venus de
Milo at the Louvre as well a lot of
pictures were being taken there not as
many and that actually makes more sense
to me because it's interesting to see
the Venus de Milo and I don't know it
doesn't make that much sense to me but
still I would if I were to take a
picture of art I would first take a
picture of the Venus de Milo then to
start taking pictures of a painting
behind multiple panes of glass yeah well
that there is no better image of a
painting than those high resolution ones
you find online because a painting is a
flat uh square or rectangle uh and
that's just the best image you can get
but the Venus of course is a 3d
sculpture I mean you can potentially get
a very unique photograph of it depending
on your angle and and whatever so I
think that makes way more sense